[terra-slide-panel] Added keys to main content and panel content (#1071)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-slide-panel/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased
----------

> ### Changed

Reviewer: Since this issue was logged as a bug, would you update this heading to be `### Fixed`. 

Generally we follow this guide for our change-log entries: https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

Author: [Fixed](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1071/commits/f13cab61cea812d92a6bcc163b0aa814be8ab3f5#diff-7e3ed4ed30d6886ce786592bdd93daf2R6)

> * Gave main content and panel content keys to prevent unmounting when changing panel position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added key to main content and panel content to prevent unmounting when changing panel position
```

Author: [Updated](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1071/commits/f13cab61cea812d92a6bcc163b0aa814be8ab3f5#diff-7e3ed4ed30d6886ce786592bdd93daf2L6-R7)
